well howdy there I don't have people
it's Bella God
so tonight we're going to talk about
stereotypes and an email that was sent
about me so as you all know we did the
the charity drive for the shelter and
when I took the supplies over there a
well-meaning person sends an email
giving them a heads-up about me now if
you've ever been to a DV shelter but you
got to be buzz dead even even just at
the offices you have to be buzzed dead
there are a lot of bad people out there
so there are is a lot of security at
these places the email was warning them
that I look exactly like the stereotype
of the person you wouldn't want to buzz
in
big beard tattoos and there's no nice
way to say that quote that's funny
it is it's funny it's not very
flattering but it's funny but there's a
problem with it there's a problem with
that stereotype mmm something else
what's this
it's tank top right but if it's white
and ribbed what's the slang term for a
wife-beater because there's that image
there is that stereotype of a guy that
looks like me wearing one of these
standing at the door as the police show
up because that's the image and Sam and
she gets pushed in movies and that is a
very very dangerous stereotype
the reason it's dangerous is that it
means you may miss signs see domestic
violence is truly intersectional it
affects everybody
every race every ethnicity every gender
every socio-economic class it affects
everyone and if it's portrayed and
viewed as something that only happens in
the trailer parks what happens when it's
happening right next door in the picket
fence neighborhood you may miss the
signs you may write it off to something
else because it doesn't happen here
it's a very dangerous concept and the
funny part about this to me is that
years ago this exact shelter went out of
their way to dispel this image they
actually printed shirts like this that
said this is not a wife beater or this
is a tank top something like that to
drive that point home at the end of the
day we really need to remember there is
no uniform for a domestic abuser anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night